oh hi there I'm just doing some mixing
but I'm here to tell you about a great
new product from the makers of trigger
Pro Plus mm Pro tracks Pro take away
sample now probably one of the first
things you notice is this cool custom
background than I've got and that's just
one of the great things about Pro tracks
Pro they really thought of everything
you can customise your background we've
got the we've got the touch screen setup
here so you know we can just go to we
just go to our options so let's click on
that options and we can just go to set
background and you know it'll give you a
bunch of different of choices there
another amazing thing about Pro tracks
is that you can have up to four tracks
of audio and we had to have it on a
separate computer because well it takes
a lot of RAM you got to make sure you
have a quad-core processor to process
each one of these tracks usually if
you're recording a song you want to
record your voice first let's just
record enable our track one so yeah it's
just really convenient with this touch
screen here let's record a naval track
one there we go now III chose this
little train icon I'm just a big fan of
trains my son maybe he would choose
something like a little surfer dude or
just a pretty girl or you know something
like that but I'm a train guy now I've
got a really low voice so I like to use
this d6 here let the recording begin
I've been working on the railroad just
to pass the time away can you hear the
whistle go
Dinah blow your horn what let's stop it
right there we wouldn't want to run into
that transport but like I said they
thought of everything in pro tracks Pro
we can move that transport just about
anywhere on the screen we might crash
into our transport and end up crashing
our system here okay let's continue on
with our recording here here we go
can you hear the whistle blowing Dinah
blow you're home
now extended out that last part a little
bit because you know I just have a lot
of different inflections in my voice
that I like to capture and maybe I could
use them later
now before we card Matt on guitar we've
got to rewind the track now Pro tracks
Pro is all digital but you have to sit
here and rewind the tracks and it just
gives it that really vintage analog feel
so the mic we're using real quick for
our viewers is the outtakes I 5 and it's
basically like an equivalent to a shure
sm57 and i really like it because it
captures absolutely no low-end another
really cool thing the pro tracks allows
you to do is to actually listen to the
other track while you record the guitar
track were working on here we go some
pretty good
first thing I always tell my students is
compression don't do it if you're gonna
use an orchestra be sure to hire an
arranger because you don't know anything
about writing music on paper typically
is a rule of thumb the high-pass filter
cut everything out below 500 Hertz every
track good rule of thumb
clean up your mix with a lot of my
outboard gear the older the better
recording is like fine wine and in my
free apps over here I've got a lot of
broken tubes but you know I don't really
like to switch them out they add a lot
of detail and musicality to the sound
also bass guitar not really needed but
you know if you have to have it you've
got a bass player in your band you use
like oh well I want to record two guys
make sure you mix it the out
whenever you're using ribbon mics always
make sure that phantom power is on
before you even connect the mic never
hardpan always when mastery especially
for vinyl I cannot stress enough put a
de-esser on every single track and cut
everything above 8 K get rid of that
also do your best not to edit the tracks
because no one likes the way it sounds